Update java-sdk.md (#23)
icon-project/documentation: references/java-sdk.md

    void onFailure(Exception exception) {
        ...
    }

>     void onResponse(Block block) {

Reviewer: I'm just trying to follow these steps with SDK 0.9.11 version. And I found that the method which acts like onResponse method on the sample is onSuccess for now.

the code that I tried to implement this requesting process is below.
```java
        request.execute(new Callback<Block>() {
            @Override
            public void onSuccess(Block block) {
                ...
            }

            @Override
            public void onFailure(Exception exception) {
                ...
            }
        });
```

It would be better to clarify on which version that the User can use onResponse method instead of onSuccess method.

Author: Yes, you're right, using `onSuccess` is the right way. I've just updated the sample codes. Thank you for pointing it out.

}
```

### Step Estimation

It is important to set a proper `stepLimit` value in your transaction to make the submitted transaction executed successfully.

> You can get an estimated step before sending your transaction and use it later for making a `SignedTransaction`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`estimateStep` API provides a way to **estimate** the Step usage of a given transaction. Using the method, you can get an estimated Step usage before sending your transaction then make a `SignedTransaction` with the `stepLimit` based on the estimation.
```

```java
// make a raw transaction without the stepLimit
Transaction transaction = TransactionBuilder.newBuilder()
    .nid(networkId)
    .from(fromAddress)
    .to(toAddress)
    .nonce(BigInteger.valueOf(1))
    .call("transfer")
    .params(params)
    .build();

// get an estimated step value
BigInteger estimatedStep = iconService.estimateStep(transaction).execute();

// set some margin value
BigInteger margin = BigInteger.valueOf(10000);

// make a signed transaction with the same raw transaction and the estimated step
SignedTransaction signedTransaction = new SignedTransaction(transaction, wallet, estimatedStep.add(margin));
Bytes txHash = iconService.sendTransaction(signedTransaction).execute();
...
```

> Note that the estimation can be smaller or larger than the actual amount of step to be used by the transaction for several reasons,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the estimation can be smaller or larger than the actual amount of step to be used by the transaction,
```

> so it is recommended to add some margin value to the estimation when you set `stepLimit` parameter of `SignedTransaction`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
so it is recommended to add some margin to the estimation when you set the `stepLimit` of the `SignedTransaction`.
```

### Wallet

> This example shows how to create a new `KeyWallet` and load wallet with private key or Keystore file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows how to create a new `KeyWallet` or load wallet with a private key or Keystore file.
```

#### Token deploy transaction

You need a SCORE project to deploy token.

In this example, you will use ‘sampleToken.zip’ from the ‘resources’ folder.

* sampleToken.zip: SampleToken SCORE project zip file.

Generate a keyWallet using `CommonData.PRIVATE_KEY_STRING`, then read the binary data from ‘sampleToken.zip’

```java
Wallet wallet = KeyWallet.load(new Bytes(CommonData.PRIVATE_KEY_STRING));
// Read sampleToken.zip from ‘resources’ folder.
byte[] content = /* score binary */
```

Prepare basic information of the token you want to deploy and make a parameter object.

```java
BigInteger initialSupply = new BigInteger("100000000000");
BigInteger decimals = new BigInteger("18");

RpcObject params = new RpcObject.Builder()
	.put("_initialSupply", new RpcValue(initialSupply))
	.put("_decimals", new RpcValue(decimals))
	.build();
```

Generate a raw transaction to deploy a token SCORE without the stepLimit value.

```java
Transaction transaction = TransactionBuilder.newBuilder()
	.nid(networkId)
	.from(wallet.getAddress())
	.to(CommonData.SCORE_INSTALL_ADDRESS)
	.timestamp(new BigInteger(Long.toString(timestamp)))
	.deploy(contentType, content)
	.params(params)
	.build();
```

> Get an estimated step value using `estimateStep` API of `IconService`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get an estimated Step value using `estimateStep` API of `IconService`.
```

```java
BigInteger estimatedStep = iconService.estimateStep(transaction).execute();
```

> Generate a `SignedTransaction` with the same raw transaction and the estimated step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Generate a `SignedTransaction` with the same raw transaction and the estimated Step.
```

Note that the estimation can be smaller or larger than the actual amount of step to be used by the transaction.

> So we need to add some margin value to the estimation when you set `stepLimit` parameter of `SignedTransaction`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So we need to add some margin value to the estimation when you set the `stepLimit` parameter of `SignedTransaction`.
```

```java
// Set some margin value for the operation of `on_install`
BigInteger margin = BigInteger.valueOf(10000);

SignedTransaction signedTransaction = new SignedTransaction(transaction, wallet, estimatedStep.add(margin));
```

> You can check the transaction hash value by calling `sendTransaction` from `IconService`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Calling `sendTransaction` API of `IconService` will return the transaction hash.
```

You can check the result with the returned hash value of your transaction.

> In this example, you can check your transaction result in every 2 seconds because of the block confirmation time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, you check your transaction result in every 2 seconds because the block confirmation time is around 2 seconds.
```
